Merge `development` into `main` (#219)
safe-global/safe-docs: reference/safe-core-sdk/onramp-kit/StripePack.md

```typescript
const stripePack = new StripePack(stripeConfig)
await stripePack.init()
```

### new StripePack(stripeConfig)

**Params**

- `stripeConfig` - The configuration for the Stripe pack. The options are:

```typescript
StripeConfig {
  stripePublicKey: string
  onRampBackendUrl: string
}
```

The `stripePublicKey` is the public key for your Stripe account. You can get one using [your account](https://stripe.com/docs/keys#obtain-api-keys)

The `onRampBackendUrl` is the URL for the backend that starts a session with Stripe. For more information on how to create the server, refer to the [official documentation](https://stripe.com/docs/crypto/quickstart#init-stripe). You can also check out the example application and server in the [Safe{Core} SDK monorepo](https://github.com/safe-global/safe-core-sdk/tree/main/packages/onramp-kit/example/server).

**Caveats**
You should always call the `init()` method afterwards before interacting with the pack.

### init()

Loads the Stripe scripts using the public key provided in the class instantiation and initialize the Stripe SDK.

### open(stripeOpenOptions)

> Opens the Stripe widget in the chosen slot (CSS selector) inside a webpage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Opens the Stripe widget in the chosen DOM node (CSS selector) inside a webpage.
```
